Changes for edge-20.6.3 (#4629)
linkerd/linkerd2: CHANGES.md

# Changes

## edge-20.6.3

This edge release is a release candidate for stable-2.8.1. It includes a fix
to support multicluster gateways on EKS.

* The `config.linkerd.io/proxy-destination-get-networks` annotation configures
  the networks for which a proxy can discover metadata. This is an advanced
  configuration option that has security implications.
* The multicluster service-mirror has been extended to resolve DNS names for
  target clusters when an IP address it not known.
* Linkerd checks could fail when run from the dashboard. Thanks to @alex-berger
  for providing a fix!

> * The CLI will be published for Chocalatey (Windows) on future stable releases.

Reviewer: *Chocolatey

Reviewer 2: Oops. My bad.

# Changes

## edge-20.6.3

This edge release is our release candidate for 2.8.1. It includes improvements
to the multicluster support functionality as well as other fixes.

* Controller
  * Added an option to change the set of networks for which the proxy

>     can should do discovery by IP address

Reviewer: "can should"

  * Upgraded the version of Grafana to 7.0.3

>   * Improved multicluster support to be able to work with gateways that
>     expose a hostname rather than a concrete IP address

Reviewer 3: In [2.8.0](https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2/releases/tag/stable-2.8.0) notes we explicitly called out that multicluster does not work on EKS.

For users who are not aware *why* EKS was not supported (this reason), I think we should similarly call it out as supported now.

```suggestion
  * Added multicluster support for Amazon EKS by allowing gateways to expose a
    hostname rather than a concrete IP address
```

Or something like that!

* Web UI
  * Fixed a bug causing the Linkerd checks to fail when ran from the
    dashboard (thanks @alex-berger!)
* Internal

>   * Added an integration test for upgrading from edge to the current build

Reviewer 3: I don't think we need to include this

  * Fixed a problem with the `install-pr` script, causing it to not be

>     able to find expected docker images

Reviewer 3: Also don't need to include this

>   * Introduced CI steps for producing a Chocolatey package

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * Added a step to the CI release process for producing a Chocolatey package
```
